e r making 2 websites connected to each other using server.  the 1st  website is aadhar management website which contains the personal details such as username, date of birth, aadhar number, address, doistrtict, pincode, gender,  including biometric details such as fingerprint of different fingers and facial brecognition. make it in a way that the photo can be uploaded also,   of the users.....this websirte should be managed only by the admin, using the oredefined user id and password, the admin sould be able to add, delete and update the user credentials, it is more like the repplica od the official aadhar website, the real time database shoiuld be created. the district wise separation should also be possible, like if i want to search for the users in the specific district or state, i shiuld be able to do it. this is all about our 1st website. now for the main an d 2nd website, it is the v oting webite based on ai and block chain. here in the first page, the user should be able to login using their  voter id and password, the admin should be able to login using the different userid and password but in the same login panel. when the admin logs in using the admin credentials, the voter credentials sucvh as their voter id, aadharcnumber, username, date of birth and their status (active/ blocked/ suspended) is visible. the admin should be able to add, delete, edit and update the voter credentials, in the next page, it should contain the candidate credentials including candidate name, candidate party, candidate district, candidate symbol, the symbol of the candidate can be included using the webpic url, the admin should be able to add, edit, delete, update the candidate credentials, in the next page, it should show resukts which party has won the election, the election conducted in throught the ndia, so the resulyts for different constituencies should be shown separately with the help of the dropfdown box, the rezults shou,d be seen in percentages and graphical form, the admin should not be able to edit, deleye, the results, it sjould be saved anonymously using the blockchain technology. in the voter login panel, when the voter logs in using the voter credentials, the next page leads t the voters personal details, once the voter verifies the personal details, the user should tick the verification completion tick box at the bottom of the page,  the next page leads to biometric verifiaction, the user will place the finger in the fingerprint sensor, then that finger print has to be verified with user fingerprint from the 1st website(website 1 should be connected with website 2 using the api server. when the fingerprint is recorded in the voting website, the server should reach the website 1 and reach that exact user using their aadhar number and verify if the fingerprint from website 2 matches the website 1 using the get methos, if the fingerprint matched or if it did not match, that information should come back to website 2 from website 1 yusing post methos(always fingerprint should matvh).  after that, for the facial verification, use the laptop camera to record the person standing before, once recorded, verify it with that same exact user photo with the helpn of aadhar number in the website and give back the message using the get and post method. if the face matches, the person should be ablw to move to the next page, ehich is voting page, else, the person shuld not be ablew to vote. in thwe voting page, the candidates party name, candidate name should be visible according to the voters constituency, the voter should be able to see the candidate details from their respected constituency only. onvce the voter cast their vote, it should be redirected to the the thank you page, where the timestamp details of the vote casted should be visible. the voter should not be allowed to vote twice. the votes should be stored anonymously using blockchain so that it cannot be erased, updated. in the voting website, in the voter login panel, the website screening language should be changed according to the native language of the peoplr from different states of indiaa. it can be swithed accordingly with the help of dropdown menu. website 1 is aadhar administration websie and website 2 is voting website. make me these 2 various websites and link them according to our requirement. these are my requirements give me a detailed prompt. include the real time database also include the real time verification for facial recognition use my laptop camera to record the user during voting . take the permission for using my laptop camera priorly before starting to build the app, please use my laptop camera only